# Fitness Planner
#### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMAtJkG1gUY&ab_channel=MohammadRahman>
#### Description:

The Fitness Planner website is a website made for people who are starting by going to the gym and their fitness journey. The theme that I chose for this website was blue and yellow, with different shades of blue. The constant change of gradient color in the background was added to make the website come to life. I added a navbar for easy navigation between the four sections of the website. The first section is for the main part of the fitness planner where the user can add workouts and the amount of sets and reps each workout has along with its category. The second section shows a list of possible workouts for the user to add to their workout list. The third section is the BMI calculator for the user to calculate their body mass index and the amount of calories they should intake per day. The fourth section is a set of videos that the user can watch to help guide them on their fitness journey. The workout list feature works by creating a table in the app.py file and pulling the data that the user enters through the javascript. Once the user adds a workout the workout is added below with its sets, reps, and category. The user has the option to delete a specific workout or clear all of the workouts and start over by clicking the clear workout button. After the user finishes making their list they can export their list to a CSV file which they can save onto their device and access at any time. The workout info section shows a list of workouts that are color-coded based on the category of the workout. The BMI calculator uses an equation I found through researching online and calculates the user's BMI by dividing the user's weight by the user's height squared and then multiplying that number by 703. The user's calorie intake is calculated by using the Harris-Bendicit equation. These results are calculated and vary based on the user's gender, height, weight, age, and how active they are. The next and final section is the workout tutorials section which was made using embedded videos from YouTube. The user can scroll through videos and watch them based on their needs. There are currently 3 videos but more can be added easily in the future. One feature I would want to add to this website in the future is to allow users to make an account and have their data saved on that account so that they can keep their workout lists and also log their workouts and food consumption on a single site. I would also like to add a feature that allows users to sign up for a newsletter that we would send to the users weekly based on their preferences and goals. The newsletter would consist of articles, videos, and products that would be of the user's interest.

